# Papaya-Technical-Assesment

1. Proudest Professional achievement: When I was 22 years old I entered a start-up contest in USIL VENTURES with a friend and won the chance to meet with 3 international financial investors. Our idea was to make an app that gather all sport-related goods and services in one platform. I was very proud of myself, because it took us a lot to get there, we had to meet and interview different gym owners, supplement store owners, our potential users, and others. We also had to develop an 'app', which at the point we had no clue on how to do so, so we got help from a developer that helped us develop a mockup of the 'app', the judges loved it. It was a very pleasant experience, we worked hard, and we got our reward.

2. An article that I liked recently:
The link to this article is the following: https://medium.com/@ageitgey/machine-learning-is-fun-80ea3ec3c471
I was introduced to Medium while studying in Utec, 1 year ago. I choose an option so that my feed is always full with Computer Science related topics, specially with AI and Machine Learning related news and articles. And one day I found the article from the link above. I would recommend anyone to read this article because it helps understand, in an easy way, what Machine Learning (ML) is all about. It starts with a simple definition of ML and goes on to explain about the different types of ML, supervised and unsupervised, in an easy way and with a simple example. As the reader goes deeper in the article more elaborated information can be found, but it is not very hard to understand if one has some kind of math base or, if not, if one is willing to do some additional research across the web.  

3. What Papaya can do:
/
  (1) Students who identify as URM:From my research I have encountered that many times, students who identify as URM, are afraid to actively participate during class, in this cases, Papaya can be used as open space for any course-related doubts the students may have. They can also benefit because they can take tutors as examples of self-improvement; many of the tutors could be considered URM if they lived in the USA, so students, who consider themselves part of this group, can observe the tutor's level of knowledge and look up to them. And last, students can benefit, because the prices are not high, the tutors know about their topics and their level of english is really good. 
  /
  (2) Tutors: From my point of view, Papaya can do a lot for tutors. Appart from the monetary benefit, which is highly appreciated, tutors can learn a lot from teaching different kinds of people. First of all, it is proven, that by teaching, one learns, and this happens because explaining and idea, or trying to, leads to a better understanding of it. Second, tutors will also understand that not all people learn in the same way or at the same speed; and this is why, they will have to come up with different ideas on how to make their students really learn, boosting the tutor's creativity. And last, if these tutors have any intention to become college teachers or some other similar careers, starting to work at an education related startup, such as Papaya, will definitely be a great beginning point, because of the reasons mentioned above.   
